including the option to purchase another 20 planes , total actually $ 26 billion .
719 equities have risen 2281 have fallen and 79 remained at the same level as .
some love birds , others would like to get rid of them as quickly as possible . ravens centuries were part of the urban landscape , but residents , complaining of the dirt and noise , in many settlements is becoming more and more .
the first symposium on воронам , in the eastern city of лер фризии experts argued that грачей impossible out of cities .
hunting , widening construction and cutting traditional nesting for trees made life birds .
in the city of зест in westphalia , and the north - west in йевере дипхольце , ахиме under бременом and лере big colonies , more than 600 parental couples .
critics described ловлю birds in traps and забивание their sticks like special cruelty .
сбивание nests струей water or cutting trees often have undesirable consequences , said an expert on environmental protection , manfred kaiser from lara , baden - wurttemberg .
распугивание possible only in the form of exceptions with hospitals , nursing homes and schools .
problem apart from the surrounding areas in cities will not be solved , says mayor лера wolfgang кельнер .
" information stands instead of бензопил " - was the slogan , proposed by a psychologist and этнологом утой mary yurgens , which stands for completely different approach to birds . " we should be confident , to live with this problem . "
mind and wits of these birds into legend . грачи often use guns , not only to приглянувшимся piece , but also make guns themselves .
in one experiment birds quickly understood that should knock on дощечке , to larva моли .
in another study сообразительным грачам more complex task was to be resolved .
wired all four birds used to make hooks and used hooks to catch bucket for a pen and pull him out of the cylinder .
фавориты , portugal , croatia and the czech republic , plus ireland , will participate in the championship 2012 .
led by superstar cristiano ronaldo , who scored on 8 and 53 minutes , portugal defeated bosnia and herzegovina with a score 6:2 ( 2-1 ) , ideal getting his fifth exit from the euro after 0:0 at the first stage .
croatia missed its chance , not playing 0:0 against turkey and ireland easily achieved accounts 1:1 ( 1:0 ) against estonia .
former professional player from bundesliga вольфсбурга звездан мисимович and captain emir спахич reduced разницуна two points thanks to результативному penalty on the 41 - minute and goal at the 65th for bosnia .
portugal has already выбивала playoff bosnia from the 2010 world cup in south africa .
ronaldo took an early start , inflicting free strike in the gate with approximately 30 meters .
bosnians who are not opened an account in the first half hour , received their first opportunity thanks to the attacker эдину джеко .
following the attack on elder поштигу in the penalty area bosnians on the 36th minute штарк decided that the portuguese player feigned , and showed him a yellow card .
after a break , vice - european champions in 2004 , the four other голами .
european champions , 1976 , go to a european championship in the fifth consecutive time .
goalkeeper peter чех on the 9 - minute thanks to the instant рефлексу prevented potential автогол томаша сивока .
дамьянович dealt a blow on the 40 - minute from the edge of the penalty area , and almost scored чеху .
the goal was just before the final whistle .
four days after the fiasco 0:3 in istanbul , turkey is not could do better than draw 0:0 in zagreb .
turks almost succeeded ideal start on the eyes of 31,000 spectators at the stadium максимир .
croatia after this woke up and increasingly захватывала control over game .
the bundesliga daniel пранич ( bavaria , munich ) and gordon шильденфельд ( айнтрахт , frankfurt ) were on the field , along with mario манджукичем of team wolfsburg , who succumbed to place ivan перишичу from дортмунда on the 62 - minute .
irish celebrated his first exit from the euro after germany in dublin , 1988 .
konstantin vasil'ev guests team of сравнял account on the 57th minute .
in the last moment estonian defender could not give him to ireland forward .
round the protection of the goalkeeper paul лондака , ward was in the right place and , the ball through the line , altered account on 1:0 .
52 - year - old woman was seriously damaged on monday in berlin district лихтенберг as a result of a fall in the tram .
streetcar was forced to slow sharply to херцбергаллее when suddenly stopped car in front of him .
an armed man robbed pharmacy in the berlin district фриденау late on monday .
after box with the money was given , the robber fled неопознанным and неустановленным quantity of money .
he tried to evade a collision with фургоном trailer , which unexpectedly left on the road with a petrol station .
police in a statement on tuesday reported that she tried to cross the road at a pedestrian crossing at the crossroads of karl - liebknecht - strasse and александерштрассе .
woman was struck by an off - and was taken to hospital in critical condition for inpatient treatment .
car stopped and the man fled on foot .
in шведте woman pedestrian shot from the balcony of a gun .
she received рваную wound and was taken to hospital .
a police spokesman said that between a woman and suspects there is no connection .
driver - a man seriously injured in the city potsdam - миттельмарк with лобовом clash with the truck .
from strong strike by car thrown on the opposite side of the road , where he faced the truck .
woman was seriously damaged when trying to steal her bag in нидергерсдорфе in the district of тельтов - fleming .
when the victim has resisted , he hit her with hand and head .
elderly обкрадывали several times in recent weeks on the cemetery in фюрстенвальде .
victims were mostly older women , ухаживавшие graves for relatives .
the last theft of several hundred euros cash was committed in last friday .
young in age from 15 to 25 years left railway carriage in хоэншенхаузенер - гренцграбене .
but they were soon arrested at the stop ландсбергер - alley .
disabled man on a seriously injured , when crossed the road in шведте .
machine задела buggy , a man and fell on the road and head injuries .
seven - year - old child was shot down by machine and injuries in веддинге
police said in a statement that he was taken to hospital with facial and leg injuries .
police said in a statement that he was taken to hospital with head injuries and could not be questioned .
a police spokesman said that the 34 - year - old man tried to extinguish the fire .
police in a statement reported that меллендорфштрассе car skidded , hitting it on a tram rails and stopped on the rails .
was caused by the fire brigade , and she had to take seriously the 23 - year - old passenger from покореженного car and deliver it in the hospital .
police in a statement reported that residents of the home noticed smoke in the apartment stairwell and caused the fire brigade .
two people suffered in the fight in the fast - food restaurant in панкове saturday evening .
two 19 - year - old tried to help young people , but were immediately beaten four men .
eyewitness courageously came to help girls , which приставали on гезундбруннен metro station , and was beaten .
a fire started on site in the посольском quarter тиргартена on saturday .
from the fire was a large cloud of smoke , which was seen with some distance .
труба central heating and power transmission line of the district also were injured by the fire .
police in a statement on saturday reported that a man about 23:30 was on the martin - опиц - strasse when approached three criminals and asked , how much time .
police found поллучившего seriously injured man lying on the street and summoned an ambulance .
police in a statement on saturday reported that 49 - year - old employee of the berlin transport service ( bvg ) was forced to stop the зеештрассе веддинге after it suddenly attacked the 30 - year - old man .
police soon arrested a drunken man . boy had to take his grandfather .
police said in a statement reported that a house fire near midnight and saw two men dressed in dark men who перелезали штеегерштрассе through the wall nearby cemetery .
police in a statement on friday reported that the labrador , presumably , jumped on the stove , to get to their food .
bella in the fourth part of finally will be able to marry her lover .
software maker in europe , sap , plans to invest billions and almost double the number of employees in china in the next few years .
" we will create more opportunities for research and development and take on the work of thousands of people , " said in a statement , bill макдермотт , one of the sap executive board of directors , consumer exhibition in beijing .
global market leader in industrial software plans to double the number of their offices from five to ten or eleven .
in this country , which is experiencing an economic boom , is about 4,000 customers sap of more than 176 000 around the world .
sap plans to increase turnover up to 20 billion euros by 2015 .
business software , which has 55,000 employees around the world , looks better than ever .
" now we want to change the scale of our operations , " said макдермотт .
here 's advice , how to read more : carefully cut this page and use it as a bookmark .
book he wrote a now - unusual , he describes it , quite accurately , as " work on anti - history . "
it was not so much a book about that , " he explains , " how " a book about what it was like . " it is about " feelings , impressions , experiences and the state of mind . "
their lives мерцают here , as church candles : new added to many others , and some during this time are dampened .
this amendment to the notion that the first world war was only heavy окопной war on the western front .
the soldiers in this book are falling пчелиные beehives ; one of them meets christmas in egypt under the pyramids ; нерешаемая problem is the tsetse fly .
war накрывает lives of these people , as natural disaster , as hurricane katrina , smells бездымным порохом .
" lack of facts , " says mr englund , the " scenic conjecture , assumptions , hopes , fears , conspiracy theories , dreams , nightmares and rumors . "
their stories are taken mostly from memoirs , letters and other already published materials .
many of them is about the privations and about how to deal with them .
" заменителькофе , forged aluminum , rubber , paper ненастоящая bandages , wooden buttons " .
he describes " meat of stabilized rice , brewed in бараньем fat ( and украшенного false bone , made of wood ) ; tobacco , made of dried roots and сушеной potato has been scrubbed ; shoes , подбитую tree . "
british soldier , on the contrary , notes that he is likely to die and nobody will notice and not this огорчится .
but this is on the contrary , is like " sentenced to a man who is secretly . "
" conflict increasingly become the economic competition , " mr. englund writes , " war plants . "
people are in unexpected ways : lying actions as much of heroism .
" the most grotesque expression that you can see in the trade гонорейным гноем that soldiers have bought and размазывали himself on the genitals in the hope to get into the hospital , " he writes .
translated with swedish peter грейвзом prose mr. энглунда more flexible , but understated , beautifully fitted for his humanitarian tasks .
book on mr энглунда included in this нешаблонный pantheon .
night monday on tuesday were chosen because in zuccotti park at this time would be less than most people .
police commissioner raymond w. kelly was in the centre of events , his presence подчеркивало , how much value to the police department .
so after two weeks planning and training police operation started on the release of protesters zuccotti park .
the largest anti - crisis exercises were held on the island рэнделс with zuccotti .
the latest training took place on the evening monday on the манхэттенской side of the east river .
" several cops , which i know and which caused this case , did n't say that to zuccotti park , " said the man who spoke on condition of anonymity .
one cause of the secrecy was a lesson learned of the city .
in the operation on tuesday were members of the various police units , including forces from districts - team police officers , who usually used for control of the criminal окрестными area .
" right to do it then , when in the park is less than all the people , " he said .
floodlights and recorded ads in advance , несущиеся blared from loudspeakers , seems to be устрашили many protesters .
police reported that tents not touched until 1:45 a.m. , giving the protesters time to collect things .
but many journalists argue that they did n't see how the police , and that the police treated them rudely .
when police went to the west through a pile of personal belongings protesters , including bags , plastic mats and antifiltration bags full of clothes , the health department followed the team , it was collecting what брошено .
the main group of protesters took positions near the kitchen camp , central park .
about 10 people in the epicenter of the camp сковали ourselves together for the hands .
the mop - up operation was completed in about 75 minutes , police said .
most were arrested for " disturbing social order and resisting at detention , " he said .
phil . т. пуласки , head of the detective police department , also was there .
the second was waiting for the group of police officers along the eastern side of the broadway , between liberty street and сидар street , on the case will have to enter .
observers have seen , as with these positions расширяла perimeter police even beyond the borders zuccotti park .
around 5 a.m. to the south of pine street , one of the protesters jumped on the roof of the police car , and others , according to eyewitnesses , in the air out of the tires police van .
as a result , one policeman and one of the protesters were hospitalized .
union , representing hundreds of employees staff schools , who lost seats in the last month , plans to sue the city on wednesday , arguing that the layoffs were not needed and were discriminatory because of the disproportionate impact on schools , where poor students .
six hundred and seventy - two school assistant coordinator , working with parents and other employees who were among the most low - wage workers in the city , have lost their place on october 7 , as a result of that union leaders called the political reaction to their refusal to give city workers ' access to health care funds , managed groups , to close a hole in the budget last spring .
at a hearing in the city council last month , the schools chancellor dennis m. уолкотт said that layoffs were part of the budget , which they signed in june .
representatives of the district council 37 reported that they have the notice claims , department of education , warning that against him filed ; on wednesday will be held a press conference to announce formal file a lawsuit in state supreme court in manhattan .
elizabeth thomas , a spokesman for the city 's legal department , said the city is not seen the lawsuit and therefore cannot comment on his specific provisions .
he points out that , while the статен - island layoffs was not , and schools in upper east side or трибеки their was little , 17 school support workers have lost their seats in the district 23 in браунсвилле , brooklyn , and 46 was forced to resign in the districts 8 and 9 in the south bronx .
p.s. budget 36th was scrapped 3,26 per cent this year , and it also lost money when the city has changed the way of counting the additional funding for every poor student , who is enrolled in school .
in the notification used the word " excess " , although about " excessive " more often , when a teacher from payroll school moves in the list of available workers , which pays wages central office .
all that is needed , to the rebellion failed , a longtime dictator muammar qaddafi was captured and killed , and american intervention was completed .
" what this resolution is , to give honors отважному people of libya , when they begin to rebuild their country , " said kerry .
language can seem harmless , but still no discussion on libya was never easy .
in june , kerry and mccain introduced the resolution , allowing limited use of american armed forces in libya .
but in the same day , when bill failed in the house of representatives , the house also not supported a proposal which would cut funding for american operations in libya .
resolution " admires the people of libya 's foreign affairs committee for his incredible courage and formidable resistance in the quest for freedom " and thanks the men and women of the armed forces of the united states and their coalition partners , who participated in the military operation to protect the libyan people for their unusual courage and professionalism . "
whether the new measures will receive full support of the council on foreign affairs or расколют legislators , as june bill ?
представитель люгера said on monday , that he was not seen the latest version of the bill .
this measure , proposed a member of the u.s. house of representatives bob гудлатом ( republican , virginia ) , the budget will be the first constitutional amendment or any other , which will be on the plenary vote congress this session .
amendment гудлата - only one of 68 constitutional amendments , affecting a wide range of issues that were made in this meeting .
there are at least 15 versions of the amendments a balanced budget only in the house of representatives and much else about the " control federal spending . "
the budget control act , which passed in august , demanded that the house of representatives , and the senate voted for a balanced budget amendment .
in addition to the budget , some congressmen want to limit the number of terms of members of congress , and a member of the house of representatives jose serrano ( democrat , new york ) wants to abolish the limit of two terms for president .
amendment banning same - sex marriage offer for many years , as another , banning burning the flag .
as to members of congress to offer amendments , they are not faster than in previous years .
this rate pales in comparison with the beginning of the 1990s , when members of congress , according to the library of the senate , regularly offered more than 150 amendments every two years .
the latest amendment , which was adopted , the 27 - i - was approved by parliament in 1992 , but in congress she actually was in 1789 .
after ten months after an armed man shot in her emphasis on public event in tucson , a member of the house of representatives democratic party , gabrielle giffords ( ariz. ) on monday evening , appeared on the federal canal , подпела melody from бродвейского show " the sun tomorrow will return " and said that more wants to get better , than to return to congress .
program showed its bumpy recovery from injury inflicted by a bullet , which раздробила skull and пробила left side of the brain , from front to rear of the head .
in his first television interview after the january shooting , in which six and wounded 13 people were killed , giffords smiled , laughed and sang - and called his recovery " difficult " .
interviews with giffords and her husband , astronaut mark kelly , was part of the hour " 20/20 " special edition , which was shown on the eve of the new book spouses " гэбби : the story of courage and hope . "
the video , kelly in the first few weeks , she lies on a hospital bed with a shaved head and a long scar on forehead .
a few months later , we see how giffords sits in the stroller , and physiotherapists teach her how to perform simple actions .
a few days later , giffords said the second word 's " toast " , request to change lunch menus .
in an interview with sawyer giffords , which spends two hours a day on procedures , said that he did not remember day assassination .
suspected attacker джерд ли лафнер is in missouri and is subject to compulsory treatment in prison awaiting trial .
" and i said : " гэбби , then beaten " , " said kelly .
and you 'll pass through it , you выздоровеешь and come back stronger than ever .
the event was holiday on wall street , which has raised millions of dollars for homeless veterans in new york .
the signal several hundred soldiers , sailors , airmen and marines lining up around him .
" on troops watched as the heroes , " said david зальцман money , which organized the spring collection .
" treated like with orphaned children , " the officer wrote in an email .
entirely different impressions illustrate the uneasy relationship that developed between the army and often indifferent , sometimes in american public .
" we are not victims , " said brigadier general sean b. mcfarland , who commanded the troops in iraq and soon left for afghanistan .
this is a very sensitive topic for commanders , who do not want to seem ungrateful or несогласными with society , which they serve .
as a result , most talk about the pity is quietly and only between combat veterans .
some will look at them with admiration , because they smash the rebels and used in exotic locations .
while looking for work , he says , he felt that some interviewers cautiously asked whether he could withstand the strain responsible for work in washington immediately after the military campaign .
uncomfortable , that military experience , partly comes from american indifference to the wars .
" we , as a nation , no longer appreciate military heroism , as it was quite usual in world war ii , " says retired lieutenant - general david бэрноу , who commanded american forces in afghanistan .
troops are on the number of trips , which they committed , the number of associates , which they lost , or in the scale of losses .
this week , a historic court hearings should be decided , will be adopted lawsuit 28 men and women against army on непротиводействии rape charges .
average first class elizabeth lyman 25 years and 11 week pregnancy , her claim , night was raped its сослуживцем .
he asked whether he was allowed to visit her in the room a drink .
a few minutes after they went into the room lyman , a man approached her from behind , and raped , she says .
the lawsuit alleges that gates and rumsfeld failed to cope with widespread violence in the army soldiers in violation of constitutional rights .
burke says she choses the upper echelons of army , because the problem is begins with them .
" who those people who may destroy cult violence ? higher guidance . "
its strategy : instead of collecting all of the plaintiffs in this case is put all your eggs in one basket , so to speak , " she will open up many things , if necessary , to maintain the pressure .
court documents , which received newsweek , the strategy is basically a protection that the former or current soldiers ca n't claims for damages incurred by the army in the armed forces .
" the supposed damage refers to risk , присущему plaintiffs ' military service , " said the documents .
and in iraq and afghanistan women 's team - soldiers play an increasingly important role , especially in contacts with local women in combat zone .
at the yale law school seminar veterans legal services is preparing the case against four major military academies on charges of encouraging женоненавистнической atmosphere .
her group has filed class action lawsuit against the veterans administration in december , accusing him of discriminatory practice review requests for pensions from people who argue that the threat of sexual violence during the service .
in 2010 , according to preventing and combating sexual violence of the ministry of momentum , it was reported about 3.158 trying to rape .
in this report , published in march , as well as the percentage of prosecutions : in 2010 , 20 percent of known cases reached court , in two times less than in the civil justice system .
in the case of rape лайман , she said the military police less than an hour after it happens .
she gathered evidence rape kit , and blood assailant - from cutting the hand - was found in her bed .
six people gave positive characteristics of the accused , who was ultimately acquitted .
" i thought i was now a " i ran out of the courtroom screaming . "
lyman eventually ordered to turn to a military psychiatrist who diagnosed her personality that made it to change service .
продвинется will forward the case , by the lyman and her comrades on the claim , is a complicated question , " says john turley , professor of law in the name of george washington university school of law .
between them and the verdict is the doctrine , which criticize since she appeared .
army lagged for decades , because it does not have those incentives and restraining funds , which imposes responsibility .
these things will change only when good people want to fight .
" we will continue to fight the army on this issue , until the reforms , " she says .
on monday , breivik , suspected of committing mass murder in norway in july , which has killed 77 people , was on his first open the hearing .
after the summer tragedy researchers wanted to learn more about these people .
supply of personal data on facebook is so great , " says bartlett , the researchers could easily use the site 's advertising tool , to highlight the demographic group with scientific precision - that marketers and for several years already .
with facebook bartlett and his colleagues were able to interview more than 10,000 participants 14 extreme right - wing parties in 11 european countries - not even out of office .
some results are not so striking : online - supporters of right - wing groups - often young and male , dissatisfied with the immigration .
work demos - only one example of how facebook is becoming new popular tool in hands of scientists .
with more than 800 million active users , add on average , three records in the day , " super - hot information " facebook is research boom , increasing the number of scientific articles with the name of the site in the headline 800 % over the past five years .
" before , if you want to interview people from the british national party , would have been very difficult to identify them . "
" facebook excludes all this - you to contact him directly . "
recent research by dr. megan moreno from the university of wisconsin , madison , and her colleagues found that students who talked about their drunken exploits on facebook , were much more at risk of alcoholism than students who were silent about it .
" you ca n't solve the problem , not выявив her , " said washington post димитри христакис moreno , co - author and director of the center for child health , behavior and development in children 's research institute of seattle .
facebook also draws all kinds of data about its users .
but facebook users know that the site is watching them , like it or not - for the opportunity to play in скраббл with another , in thousands of miles away from you , the site can handle your personal data .
while researchers have a strictly defined rules offline - research , online data .
" how they imagined , it was only between them and their friends . "
even offline there is no guarantee that an object research предельно honest .
" what you say on facebook and what you 're doing , outside of facebook , - two entirely different things , " said selwin .
" nothing can replace the real world and communicate with real people , " he says .
" cold and inhuman " : anders беринг breivik first publicly faces trial
" i have a military commander of the norwegian resistance movement and knights templar norway , " he said before the 500 present in the courtroom .
for the same reason , he refused to allow брейвику , which brought with it a pre - written speech , to relatives of the victims at the end of the hearing .
about 30 survivors and victims ' relatives attended the hearing .
" it was uncomfortable , but personally , i became a little easier , after i saw and heard the suspect . "
despite breivik 's a strange idea that he is part of the " resistance " movement , the judge ruled that he 's not a mad , and said that there is no evidence that he acted with accomplices .
but this does not diminish automatically grief and confusion , which now feels the whole nation .
after the death of steve jobs on 5 october some compared him with henry ford , describing the technical genius as a great inventor of modernity .
he was , of course , a designer , мечтателем and regarded themselves as hippies , but he was also meticulous organizer and modernizer production process , who believed that many business leaders have suffered from the disease to think that really great idea is 90 percent of the work ... [ but ] a great idea from the great product separates a large number of ingenious labour . "
by the time it took about 10 years since , as jobs from apple , and he already worked out in his new computer company next in anticipation of the mass of the internet .
only after the death of jobs full vhs copy of the director 's was found in the garage .
man known for his hatred of detailed interviews , jobs seems to be here quite ready to present their technological philosophy and business strategy .
in four different points during the interview there are large intervals between questions and answers - reflection for 10-15 seconds , where jobs are clearly weighing its thoughts to say .
in filmed before the age of пиксара , айподов and айфонов lost interview there is something uncannily prophetic , when jobs estimates that , as he sees , different companies make right and wrong , and offers its own vision for information technology .
he has a vision of how things could and should have been .
" during the entire time in the business i constantly asked : " why are you doing this ? " and answers that you always get : " oh , it 's just done it . "
by way of recording expenses , often начинавшейся expenditure with the " standard " , which took from the ceiling and then подгонялись with " clarification " , he has created automated structure , which guaranteed that they will be able to track business expenses until the details .
jobs tells in detail about " blue box , " which he смастерил with steve wozniak , a device that allowed people to effectively взламывать telephone company and call long distances for free .
he says , as he and wozniak tested the box , using the phone - machine , when the conversation and then подсоединяясь from one at&t 's network to another , not yet been as much as possible .
" we were young , and all that we have learned is that we could build something that could control billions of dollars of infrastructure around the world . "
jobs continues to describe one famous escapade , in detail with which he and wozniak almost did , calling the vatican through blue box at midnight and asking to phone the pope , struggling to copy henry kissinger .
about love in technology ( and cold прозванивании bill хьюлетта ) :
soon after their 20 - minute telephone conversation jobs received year подработку in hewlett - пакард .
jobs later became one of the hp employees , who visited the company 's research laboratory in palo alto , where he saw " the first desktop computer . "
i often went to the hp as a teenager and revolved around the car and wrote for her program .
in several places interview jobs says about inventing new products on the fly .
working only 30 days in the credit , he had to think and assembly and delivery of ready - made devices .
" i remember the fierce debate ... they were shouting at me , that it will take five years [ to collect the mouse , which will cost $ 300 ] , and i was fed by the throat , and released , and found a designer " .
" let 's say you work in ibm or xerox , so you do best copier and printer , or that ? "
sales and marketing make it more successful , so [ it 's those types of people ] who eventually comes to companies and people , making the product of the decision - makers .
he could be in ten times more , would be майкрософтом 90х ...
you need to keep in mind 5,000 ideas - these concepts , combining them all together ...
part of what made the famous mac , was that people who worked on him , were musicians , poets , artists , зоологами , historians , which happened to be the best specialists in information technology in the world .
scalia and thomas eat with opponents of the law on healthcare , while court is the case
this incident took place in the last thursday , when all nine judges met to discuss filed the petition .
judges agreed to consider the process ; in fact , rotary debate of the 5 1/2 hours are expected in march 2012 , and the outcome will likely become a hindrance in the presidential race , which will be in full swing by the time , when a court decision .
firm clement , bancroft pllc , was one of the nearly two dozen firms , which helped sponsor annual lunch society , long - existing groups , federalists constantly отстаивающей conservative legal principles .
another sponsor was pharmaceutical giant pflizer inc , which has a huge financial interest in the outcome of litigation .
attended , among others , mitch mcconnell , senate republican leader and a prominent opponent of health care law .
nothing new : two judges visit activities society федералистов for many years already .
in fact judges are free from code of conduct , which regulates the actions of the lower federal judges .
nevertheless , the apparent closeness scalia and thomas to two legal firms in this case , as well as the company to big financial interests , was sufficient signal for activists of ethics in government .
" judges wined and dined on the official campaign fundraising with lawyers , which are now viewed in court . "
scalia and thomas is unlikely to pay attention to critics who say they are very willing to mix business with the court фигурирующими in groups such as society federalists .
moreover , conservatives argue that this is against the judge elena kagan ethical question arises , rather than scalia and thomas .
her critics demanded that kagan refused to hearings on this case , because it was too involved in the protection of the law then , to be impartial now .
boeing also sells six boeing dreamliner oman air , the size of the deal - more than $ 1 billion .
but this is an important event , when this company - самолетостроитель boeing co. , and прейскурантная price for all of these 50 jets $ 18 billion .
in the forecast , published on monday , the chicago company calculates that the middle east in the next 20 years will need 2,520 planes worth $ 450 billion .
later on monday , according to boeing , oman air ordered six boeing 787-8s , the so - called dreamliner , which can boast considerably better fuel economy and удобстами for passengers .
" this is really very well for boeing , " said morningstar analyst neil диора .
it is important , because they are less likely than other airlines , reverse order planes when prices rise , диора said .
order emirates strengthens leadership широкофлюзеляжных market boeing aircraft and helps prevent attempts to rival airbus sas посягнуть on his dominance with its jumbo a350 .
he postponed debut , to increase осевую load after buyers demanded to increase capacity and range .
mexican president 's sister , obviously , lost the election in michoacan
president felipe calderon 's sister , it seems , has completed its bid for the governor 's seat michoacan during the fierce state elections , and she said on monday that the traffickers have helped to persuade race in favor of one of her opponents .
" intervention organized crime during the entire election process and especially yesterday is alarming , not only for michoacan , but for the whole country , " said luisa maria calderon in радиоинтервью the day after voting sunday .
pri ruled mexico in seven decades , not yet lost presidency in 2000 .
calderon , the national action party candidate , or ipa , led by her brother , refused to recognize the vallejo winner .
ауреолес also refused to recognize the preliminary results .
in michoacan long dominated drug cartels , in marijuana , heroin and метамфетаминах .
for the pri , however , no matter how badly looked elections in michoacan , victory will give momentum behind the party .
раджат naga , managing director of the adb 's office in manila , said that the two most emerging big economies must " do everything that can " to accelerate the recovery of the currency bloc with the international monetary fund , or direct bilateral agreements .
" asia may be to some extent protected , but it may not be invulnerable . "
the european monetary union was severely undermined european debt crisis in recent months .
unfolding in europe 's debt crisis spawned fears that he once again lead the global economy to recession , and led to calls for the leading emerging economies come together to help the eurozone find a solution .
anand sharma , india 's trade minister , said that " india will do everything that can " to help the eurozone , as its own economy is now declining exports and reducing foreign capital inflows .
" we have grandiose task , and we must maintain a high level of growth . "
others argue that there is no sense for emerging economies like india to help wealthy europeans , when they are faced with their own deep economic problems .
" at some point , they know that greeks are retiring in 50 years and go on holidays to the sea , and it will not be taken well , " he said .
mr. knag said that the eurozone crisis threatened " significant direct consequences " throughout asia .
he said that vulnerable emerging markets need to make " contingency plans " , to protect themselves from the downturn and the most significant оттоков capital of their economies .
defense secretary leon panetta tempers in congress on monday , warning that expected automatic budget cuts will undermine national security and will bring financial chain reaction of the pentagon corridors to the fields battlefield in afghanistan on the line and civil assembly .
" effects of these cuts will be devastating for the state department , " panetta said in a letter to senators республиканцу республиканке and john mccain , arizona , lindsey graham , south carolina .
" so , will make such a strong reduction , the majority of our construction projects on кораблестроению and unfulfilled -- you ca n't buy a three - quarters of the ship or buildings -- and do serious damage other modernization efforts , " panetta wrote senators .
" these changes will undermine the trust of those who support our army and will seriously damage combat readiness . "
" although the military funding in overseas contingency operations not directly affected секвестром , the military to be severely affected by serious breakdown in the main budgets , " warned panetta .
" staff personnel will be reduced , leading to опозданиям with military suppliers , and legal and political support will be disrupted . "
" consequences of sequestration in the ministry of defense will be rapid decline of the united states as a world 's leading military power . "
" this is not an option , with which we can live , and this is not an option that we need to impose ourselves . "
whether panetta letter or recent warnings senators will lead to budget compromise or strengthen calls for release of the pentagon from cuts , will see later .
at a press conference last week , defense minister painted a gloomy picture of what may be further -- troops with a shell , but without the core .
" this is a paper tiger , the army to barracks , buildings and bombs without enough trained soldiers able to accomplish the mission , " panetta said in his introductory remarks in the pentagon .
and panetta said that some of the biggest defense project may encounter obstacles , including those that passed the tests , and some only on the early stages of planning .
stopping further development and test f 35 can save $ 80 billion over 10 years , but his supporters say that is a vital next step to improve and to counter potential threats , china and other opponents .
a cursory glance at recent headlines shows how serious and повсеместны deception and lies in everyday life .
the administration at the university of pennsylvania was charged in лжесвидетельствовании schlensker , because they allegedly made that retired football coach raped boys .
former presidential candidate john edwards was charged in the financial machinations during the campaign , associated with укрывательством extramarital affairs .
stories of fraud on exams in school and college is the norm .
mentors who should teach the opposite , send a message that the lies and fraud are acceptable .
in one day , studies show that you can lie from 10 to 200 times .
another survey showed that strangers солгали three times for the first 10 minutes get acquainted with each other .
in contrast to the room of the game , like , say , charades , where you exclaim , " caught ! " detection of lies is a serious direction knowledge , based on scientific data , collected over the past six decades in the prestigious universities , comprehensive research projects , particularly in psychology and physiology .
not worth from doing this conclusion that liars difficult note and it is hard to expose .
i spent a few years , by examining the scientific discoveries in the vast and ever - growing segment of knowledge about lie detection , and it is clear that modern skill , which is easy to learn and that helps in meaningful in our complex world -- especially if your professional duties include recruiting , interviewing , negotiating or management .
we know from research that extroverts lied more frequently than introverts , that men lie about yourself , whereas women -- more about the other , usually in order to protect someone 's feelings , that married people lied to its partners , less than unmarried ( but the lie that they say , often наглая ) .
watch позой , a laugh , voice characteristics of your object .
rats can fix the top of his body , when trying to remember their history , they can put their feet towards the door , bend towards the exit , or change its position in a certain way to demonstrate " relief after the interview " -- this exaggerated sigh of relief and a change in posture , when all the complicated issues behind us .
привирающие people may also use disengagement in the speech : " i did n't have sexual relations with that woman miss lewinsky ... " or repeat a complex question completely .
someone can use the " qualification language " , when answering a question : " well ... the truth ... as far as i know ... as far as i know . "
there is no magical means to detect lies , but to master the skill can detect deception .
controversial oil pipeline plan needs revision after us threats to postpone his endorsement
transcanada reported on monday night that she ever planned pipeline from environmentally sensitive sand hills region in nebraska and am confident that the project still get approval .
transcanada spokesman alex пурбас says that the company retains the confidence that she eventually gets the approval of the pipeline , though with the other route .
" this is a real step forward , " said fox news congressman lee terry , republican of nebraska .
obama in a written statement last week called the decision to call the department of state , and expressed his support .
he must to 700,000 barrels per day from alberta province to refineries in texas .
his hate environmentalists , but love trade unions , that hope to approximately 20,000 jobs associated with pipeline .
the current state department about the impact on the environment study showed that the project will provide only a limited negative impact on the environment , but the source of the energy industry said that the auditor of the department ordered a separate examination procedures review , focusing on two issues .
another - was whether the firm that was the choice for initial research , inappropriate , as she was connected to transcanada .
family of new york , argues that disco - diva patti labelle , буйствовать began in the lobby of their home in manhattan , trapped them малолетнюю daughter to such an extent that the vomited from fear .
it happened on november 10 last year , when working scenes kevin monk , his wife , kindergarten teacher , rosanna , and женевьева was going to go to family trip .
rosanna monk said that she stopped near the door and спустила his daughter on the floor for a minute .
" i told her : " i am not interested in , what do you say or think . "
it had a bottle of water , and she began pouring water from a bottle on me .
" i said this woman : " look what you do with my daughter , " said the mother of a child .
a lawyer and representatives of labelle , do not respond to calls for comment .
" the goal is to make patti labelle , responsible for his act , " davies said .
2011 the year , which will go down in economic history of sinaloa as connected with mario lopez вальдеса 's first year , also called year of change , which has high hopes for economic development , but , given the adverse climatic conditions in the beginning of the year , growth was not , however , was registered lower main indicators of economic development .
according to the report about the areas affected by frost , the council on mexico 's sustainable rural development , suffered 835.582 hectares , of which 78.03 percent suffered as a whole , and the remaining 21.07 per cent suffered in part . the vegetables were the main damaged crops , corn and chickpeas .
" what we see now is rising unemployment , which is linked to several factors , including loss of liquidity on the market in order to resource constraints imposed by law , which was adopted in congress , to fight money laundering , as people who illegally possess dollars , it is not easy to work with them , invest and use them in something , " he said .
lopez fought said that the increase in unemployment there is also a demographic factor .
in addition to unemployment and violations of , another reminder of work in the low ; chunk in the low wages in the country , according to records of the mexican institute of social security and the ministry of labour and social welfare .
for its part , министрество economic development of the government only 17.280.000 pesos investment during the year , who mostly came on the company from services .
amid the economic downturn in july , the state asked government during the congress of the approval of the loan in the $ 3 billion pesos , which would use for investment in infrastructure projects in 18 municipalities to revive the economy , at the local level was approved by the 2.600 million pesos , and not expected until november advantages over debt in any state sector .
for business representatives first year of government mario lopez вальдеса is demonstrating a lack of capacity of the government .
" economic efficiency in sinaloa in this year was really low , have a lot of work to regain ground lost in this year , we must redouble our efforts in 2012 , we failed to agree on the efforts of all , and , above all , good and a synchronized work the new government , we hope that next year will be much better , " he said .
lopez лоредо said that such events , as early frosts , this year stopped the economy in state and its efficiency and growth were limited .
" in general , we found that over this work , we believe that it is necessary to develop long - term program that redefine the direction and the economic state , should mobilize all material and human resources , which are from sinaloa , " he said .
president coparmex stressed importance of defining the future direction , to better to the efforts of the government .
he noted that the current administration has demonstrated progress in their own manner of public policy .
the prosecutor general 's office reported that приговоренный drug smuggler - omar alexis valenzuela сандоваль , convicted for a crime against health , in this case and possession of marijuana to distribution .
drug smuggler was driving a white car pickup , in which he carrying a black bag in the cabinet in the car , and the passenger seat is a small backpack , where the soldiers found eight kilograms and 23 grams of marijuana .
director of social development pointed out that although still work programmes developed , they are in danger , as the state government is unable to make relevant contributions , which constitute the sum , the 11 million pesos for all three programs .
" they should invest almost 12 million , and although the year ends , when they gave us a penny , since the beginning of july they should give us part , " he said , " not to delay , we started work and they are very advanced , but we need the money . "
" it happened with us in the previous administration , because the state had no financial opportunities for participation , and programs have continued to evolve , and this year , to get access to these programs , we need to find the resources to cover what remains must state , " he explained .
" they must make nearly 12 million , and even though year ends , they do n't have given us a penny . "
replacing analog signals on the digital - one of the most important changes that the world in recent years .
a minority of the four ministers , including the chairman of the court , juan сильву mesa , thought that president felipe calderon not exceeded its authority in issuing the decree with the detailed description of the action for transition to digital ground television .
draft statement prepared by the minister olga sanchez кордеро , offered to declare the decree unconstitutional because regulating radio and television programmes - right , enshrined in law for the federal telecommunications commission ( cofetel ) , in violation of the hierarchical subordination and legislative reserve .
on this argument and the senate , and spent two constitutional debate , chamber of deputies to decree and to support the complaints , sanchez кордеро minister suspended the application of the decree and all actions , the it about the transition to digital broadcasting .
in his speech the prime minister said , that he disagreed with arguments project in the sense that the federal executive branch could not determine the general rules action , which must prepare for the state administration of .
replacing analog signals on the digital - one of the most important changes that occurred in recent years , led to better use of radio - electrical spectrum , the best signal quality and more channels .
these questions , he said , " require work the system , educated on the principle of state economic governance , includes a group of authorities who unites in the state constitution executive power . "
from this we cannot conclude that the government , debated decree , which in any case affect the competence of congress , provides the administrative and compliance with laws , adopted by the legislative assembly , he said .
according to data in ппрв , the difference between first and second place on the gubernatorial election is only 27 percent , even without counting the votes of 879 total 6.074 protocols .
in light of this election chairman of the general council of the institute of michoacan ( the ) , maria de los анхелес льяндерал zaragoza , recalled that a few days ago , on november 9 , the electoral body approved the package to agree on local rules with the federal election reform .
in the same day , november 9 , the supreme court justice ( all ) took a decision on constitutional claims , by the local legislative assembly , and called the " invalid and illegal " voice representative of the constitutional reform , as he has no right " to resolve or maintain them . "
so , a partial recount of one or more of the ballot box can be produced under conditions that : the results of the protocols do not coincide ; there is no protocol voting and counting the documents in the ballot box or he is not the chairman ; or when there are obvious errors or corrections in the protocol .
total recount also will be , if at the end of the usual count found that the difference between winner and a candidate , occupied the second , less than or equal to one percentage , provided that there is a request from the political party , whose candidate took second place in the case will be excluded from ballot box , which were taken into account the partial terms .
the remains of pilot felipe басио cortez arrived in сальтильо on sunday evening , his hometown ; examination and a memorial mass was held on monday .
after accepting condolences together with other people who died in the disaster , the family басио cortez коауилы aboard the aircraft returned to the capital of the mexican air force , the closest people attended the ceremony in the campo march .
at 5:30 after noon he examination institute of technology сантильо , organized by his former classmates in high school football team and , of which was a member felipe басио during training in high school .
in her opinion , lieutenant colonel performed all their dreams , she believes that he was at the height of his life , " he was a successful man , incredible father , son and loving brother committed to his family . "
some did not believe him , they said that he was giddy even in the truck , but he always wanted to fulfill his dream to become a pilot .
he recalls that even when he was seven years , he traveled to сапопан on for the ceremony his relative , so he knows that his uncle died doing what most loved in life : controlling the plane .
shots of the guns прогремели in honor of the mexican air force lieutenant colonel , felipe cortez басио , led by governor jorge торресом лопесом , people from villages and the state government , the mexican army , from sixth military zone , the mexican air force , managers and technology high school students in сальтильо , in which he studied in 1985 and made progress and in school , and in sport , had it in the latter path .
in 18:05 remains басио cortez ( кремированные ) , a resident сальтильо , profits , to be with the funeral of the members of the mexican air force , headed by major james martinez , эспланаду training school , where it already waiting for his family , including his daughter аманду and his wife , christina , her mother , brothers and other relatives , students and teachers .
a few hours before the discovery of the military authorities have shown in media eleven people were detained in the same municipality for crimes related to organized crime .
discovery was found on the 1.5 kilometre highway кадерейта toward santiago , on the hill in the commune , known as el castillo .
look inward , literally in the three metres , they found three bodies of people , they immediately know the relevant authorities .
almost one meter was another person 's body , in the red shirt and blue jeans .
according to testimonies gathered there , three people were killed in another place , as the place was not гильз .
according to information , initially on 11 november in a colony los альверо eight people were arrested , and one man who was held hostage , was saved .
another event happened at 06:00 a.m. on november 12 , military personnel committed patrol bypass in the village of old ranch in кадерейте , when i saw a car without license plates with the two men in the cabin .
later , after these statements , on november 13 at 2:00 p.m. one of their accomplices was stopped on public land la - truth , which saw the military , tried to escape .
appointed italian prime minister , mario monti , italy will meet wednesday with the president to submit a new government , which will face italy on the brink of economic catastrophe and нанесшим crisis , the damage to the eurozone .
it is expected that he will present the cabinet , made up mostly of technocrats , although it is unclear when the new executive authority will take their positions .
" i want to reaffirm its full confidence in our country 's ability to get out of this difficult period , " said former european commissioner told reporters .
the administration headed by former european commissioner monti should approve the austerity package , demanded european leaders to restore the credibility of italy .
emma марчегалия , leader of the italian employers ' federation , told reporters after meeting with monti : " we were told that we will actively support this government " .
monti 's chances of success were largely based on the support of silvio berlusconi 's party the ldp , which forced to resign on saturday because of the crisis .
support for the ldp , the largest party in italy , matters , because until now , many of its members opposed the government majority , which consists of monti 's technocrats , which forms .
monti 's new government must have a strong parliamentary support for reform , which will probably unpopular austerity reforms .
italian association of foreign banks increased the pressure , warning that failure monti could become a disaster .
after a short respite at the end of last week , when it became clear that berlusconi would resign , the cost of debt in italy reached critical levels now against the backdrop of uncertainty about whether a new prime minister will be successful .
monti said that his government will exist until the next election , scheduled for 2013 , despite widespread predictions that politicians only give him time to carry out reforms before new elections .
political sources say , the mutual distrust and opposition parties make an attempt to include political figures .
from 22 players , announced in spain , ten already played on the 50 international matches .
little contrast with costa rica , when compared to 22 players from both countries on the mighty match today at 3:05 of the day at the national stadium in san jose .
this figure was reached last friday in the game against panama ( 0-2 ) , at the stadium name rommel fernandez .
add it to experience spanish furies in the complex qualification in euros or world championship .
we see that tops the list in the spanish national team goalkeeper iker casillas касильяс , which last sunday against england ( match проигранный 0-1 record , the former goalkeeper andoni субисарреты repeated in london ) , with 126 international matches .
from costa rica alongside michael уманой , left хуниор diaz with 48 matches and striker bryan ruiz - with 45 .
in the team with less than 30 exits on the field is roy miller from 26 matches , winston parks with 26 , gabrielle бадилья with 25 and roy мюри 23 .
while начо мореаля only four games , and хорди alba - two , in costa rica have only one , victor bolivar олман vargas and nelson эддер not дебютировали .
for costa rican bryan ruiz has become someone who has brought more points , more than doubled carlos hernandez and three times more than roy мюри and parks .
a trip to costa rica is сбывшаяся dream '
more than 20 years of waiting , but the group says that for them it is also the dream became reality , is to play in this country .
group is on the territory of south america as part of the tour in honor of the 20th of work and on sunday , 20 , makes its only stop in central america .
this passage of the conversation , the full transcript of which is available online in the nation .
a trip to costa rica is сбывшаяся dream and for us too .
i was in costa rica only once - in on vacation , this beautiful country , and i think that we will be able to stay there for a few days .
i ask about it , because there is a loyalty to the group ; fans live in tension in the days before the concert .
thank you for that have been with us all these years .
some people , waiting for your concert belong to him as a show of himself .
some of the biggest show , that we played over the past 21 , took place during the last two weeks .
indeed , we really want to play here .
as you learned about costa rica , and its waves for surfing ?
my friends always go to surfing in costa rica and nicaragua , as well as in mexico , it is a perfect place for surfing , here 's how we learned about it , from people who enjoy surfing .
we will try to make the best show possible with the most diverse songs ; we 'll play several songs from each album and to our fans a wide range of repertoire .
when we have two or three songs that we have n't played for some time , it keeps us alert and surprised us , because it reminds us of the reasons why we loved these songs and that we could forget .
we 're happy our удачам and we are very encouraged by the fact that we can continue to create music together .
we are happy to places in the world , where we always wanted to go .
does that mean for you to be part of the heyday of grunge ?
we good friends with his friends from soundgarden , mudhoney and the alice in chains .
one group from one town appears from time to time , but it is far more oddly , when five or ten groups appear in the same time in the same city .
i still have with several of these from time to time .
also very strange that a group of like your remains together and in the same part of such a long time .
first , i think we are lucky that we are still alive , and secondly , we care about others .
we trust each other 's music , and all could not be better .
we care about , not to be too long in the tour , because it is easy to get the game in big crowds and people who love your music .
how do you remember your another project , manother love bone ?
we were a group of almost three years and not released a single album , until death andy ( andrew woods ) .
it was a wonderful person , and we skuchaem on it .
it is true that you are familiar with its work , especially eddie веддера , and therefore you have chosen to open ?
why you constantly change words in the yellow ledbetter at concerts ?
he sings it , and i think , he uses the first thing that comes into his head .
so many of them that i can speak all day about басистах who i love .
i think we all feel some оторванность from the word гранж .
at first , your music was more grim , and now it has become more positive .
it 's interesting , as i think , there are a few songs on this album that may seem easier , but there are songs like the end or just breathe , which are considered very grim , though they may sound a bit positive .
i think that when you grow , and in your life has been some injury and you have lost family member or friend , these events are beginning to affect your creativity and your music , and these two songs , of course , reflect this for me .
ex - president alberto fujimori was hospitalized on tuesday in state hospital , for the survey for the loss of muscle power , which observed in the legs , said his family doctor .
congressman alejandro агинага , who is his personal physician , told tv channel n that fujimori will be evaluated by three days at the national institute of неопластических diseases , to determine the cause of pain and loss of power in his lower limbs .
he underwent four operations on cancer of language , has lost weight in kilograms , which added 18 other diseases , such as a strong эрозивный gastritis , cysts pancreas , kidney stones , high blood pressure and problems with extracorporeal in his legs , the doctor .
in april 2009 he was sentenced to 25 years in prison for killing 25 people by the destruction of army , which was secretly in the first years of his rule .
the official delegation , headed by uruguay president jose мухикой and consisting of several ministers and businessmen will arrive in this tuesday on a visit to mexico , to expand trade between the two countries and to begin talks on political issues in the region .
meeting of the two presidents in the city of guadalajara will be " good for the exchange of information on the political relations between the two nations , as published " the south american country on its website .
in his speech , sarkozy threatened to exclude from the international community , those countries that remain tax harbours , a statement that provoked protest and uruguay tip for consultation its ambassador in the european country .
uruguay government tried to accelerate the agreements in recent years about taxes , to leave this " grey list " of the organisation for economic cooperation and development , the cooperation of the countries that are not international tax standards .
усатый plumber will be 3d with " super mario 3d land "
edition , which will be in stores around the world this month , was created with the characteristics of the nintendo 3ds portable console , which allows you to play in three dimensions without needing glasses .
alvarez said that the " super mario 3d land " is the first nintendo video game , specially designed under this platform , " because until now successful products like " star fox 64 3d " or " zelda : ocarina of time 3d " were adaptations to existing games .
alvarez said that the " super mario 3d land " contains two games in one : the first part of the " simple " , to attract less - experienced users .
in addition , real - time users can choose between " d " aggressive " or the fact that only affects the depth of action , but which need to play in three dimensions , to overcome various obstacles and " not succumb to optical illusions . "
in this game nintendo winks fans the show and repeats a successful formula from the previous games , водопроводчику with moustache to go on dangerous заминированным platforms to liberate princess peach .
so ends the process , under which guatemala responded to a request from the north country , which required выдачи portillo , to judge it .
he argued that during his mandate he is not " hands " to the legal decisions and took all the procedures for extradition , about whom he ever knew .
that made colom , shows executive process after the exhausted all legal and constitutional courts to persecute ex - head of state from 2000 to 2004 .
portillo was acquitted in the embezzlement q 120 million in the ministry of defense during the presidency , that was pre - extradition process , but the ministry of public relations #7426 appeal and opened the case again .
the organization was founded , to prevent marginalization these young men without education
add to this is more than hundreds of jobs created for this social group .
trinijove appeared alongside тринитат велья in 1986 to help young people with a lack of education , lack of work and problems with drugs or subject to marginalization .
различное political representation during the election showed a single characters work made trinijove .
has also appeared in fabra i coats current consultant on social welfare and family , хосеп lewis клерис social work and ceo of la caixa , хауме ланаспа .
chairman led trinijove as an example of the fight against bad circumstances and вселения hope in people , facing difficulties .
twelve people yesterday at noon voluntarily left the building , which they illegally occupied and where they were organizing mass parties , which irritated neighbors , according to court without police intervention .
" from this point there will be пропускной control " , " manager said .
the first three floors were platform for mass parties , which lasted up to two days and frustrated owners .
owner , maria пантинат , europa press reported that since the building was occupied , its income fell by 80 % .
in addition , the owner of the news was supposed to respond to complaints from neighbors on the noise , though , as she noticed , the noise was caused by visitors of the club , and not residents squats and , above all , those who attended parties , who organized , frequency and intensity of which there has increased , as the angry neighbors said .
city police also confirmed that in recent weeks has received more complaints from neighbors on the situation .
a popular leader explained that before the summer , only one floor was busy , but in the last few months squatters invaded on all floors and in virtually every room and that in some of them had взломы .
so members yesterday police evacuated the building in know barris .
architects agree , with the possibility the competition after wrangling about взносах
in mid - '80s , on the rise угасшей now столичной corporation barcelona ( skb ) , this administration the promotional leaflets for кольсеролы .
moreover , it is accompanied by comparing the new york in pictures with the central park .
it was , until , in september , the council announced huge competitions , consisting of 16 contests for the many other gate in кольсеролу .
either so or if someone wants to put gate on the pitch .
competition , and their organizational side , and their impact on the city , barcelona are the topic for discussion all architects .
and this fact leads to one of the few coincidences between what they say three barcelona architect and scientists who attended .
for рольдана , after reaching the shoreline is " necessary " to discuss " the front side of the mountain " , when a proposal ильдефона серды mountain , with green apples , was not done .
модоло like рольдан and байона with experience in the city building , called the proposal " intellectual challenge " with " some dangers . "
first fear is a proper restriction boundaries , where you can build .
" we should think about the new urban planning tools , because the current [ as for general capital plan ( gsp ) ] can lead to real trouble . "
модоло recalls that already have a work made outside кальсеролы , which " should not miss deaf ears " , although he 's grateful for the possibility that city hall offers his profession , to join the project " from the beginning . "
байона hints that answer the question , which sets the name of this part of the complex , as the rules of competition lacks a common type of кольсеролы : " it was announced 16 intersecting contests , " he says , " within the meaning of the sea - mountains , but there are no longitudinal reading to see and understand the region as a whole . "
on the other hand , the project for some gate may overlap on the programme and identify with the project architect for neighboring gate .
after 72 days in jail , manuel jonas ларрасабаль is free after , as the legitimate representative of the red casino gave him forgiveness before the second criminal district court , which is the process of extortion against brother mayor of monterrey .
after public condemnation of the state attorney general opened a criminal case against the mayor 's brother and 2 september he was arrested and imprisoned for 30 days .
at this point , he was 49 days , following the second order banning the transfer after prosecutor ruled out the crimes of bribery and organized crime .
authorities allowed him to continue отбывание at the municipal prison in san nicolas in гарзе .
on monday , the legitimate representative of the red casino , victor aldo garcia gomez , appeared before a judge jose luis песиной , to ask for pardon for brother mayor in the region , so in the next few hours he could get freedom .
based on the record 197/2011 legal pardons granted йонасу ларрасабалю , and after that you ca n't make any representations regarding the process , which was planned against him ; and require no compensation for damage and punishment .
official court , jorge янес , went to prison municipality of san nicolas in гарзе , to inform йонаха that he legally pardoned and his case will be closed .
minister dionisio perez хакоме tells about the details of the disaster that killed interior minister , francisco blake , and another seven people .
during a press conference ties and transport minister dionisio perez хакоме , said that before the aircraft had risen up , the pilot found out that weather conditions were suitable for flight .
he also said that the ship was designed for 19 people , respectively , it is with the necessary requirements for transporting people .
" in the study reported that in another place no components of the ship , strike occurred in the state of the structural integrity .
the earth in this place has a bias from seven to 30 degrees .
meanwhile , гильберто lopez meyer , director general of the airports and auxiliary services , said that during the presidential helicopter governed by the cruising speed and that this happened on the soft поднимающейся soil .
at a press conference the owner of the sct , peres хакоме , listed six important elements in the investigation :
according to aviation , flight was conducted under visual flight rules , which means that a team should be visible during the flight and landing .
reports aicm of suitable conditions for takeoff , when aircraft bent to the border area between mexico city and the state of mexico city , where there were layers of clouds at low altitudes .
perhaps because of the conditions cloudeness team searched the area at the height and visibility in the valley куэрнавака .
coordinates strike and the last recording with radar aircraft coincide , probably before the flight there was no loss of control or change of direction .
information available so far indicates that an attack on the front and side line .
the pictures shows the sequence in which it разрушалось along the way .
after thorough research on more territory than lavishly zone near the place where the disaster occurred , could not be found scattered parts of the aircraft , that reinforces belief that strike occurred in the structural integrity .
social protection heads surf gene study of obesity in children and young people ; it is supported by experts from restarts
in a statement , head of medical research in biochemistry specialty hospital national medical center of the 21st century miguel cruz lopez explained that was collected multidisciplinary team of physicians , nurses , nutritionists and social workers .
the study population ( anything or not ) invited to participate , sports centres mssi , participating in the study , in the valley of mexico city , where every saturday , from 8:00 a.m. will be carried out tests involving children .
after the goal to attract from 500 to 600 children will be achieved , the study will continue in the sports center independence ( mexico ) and , finally , in the sports center morelos ( north of mexico city ) .
november 14 , will be celebrated world diabetes day , and the main goal is to collect three thousands of children and adolescents aged 6 to 14 years with his parents and under their supervision to fill individual profiles on nutrition .
he explained that on saturday will be held антропометрические measuring all participants ( height , weight and waist girth ) , measuring blood pressure and glucose levels , fat , cholesterol and insulin and genetic analysis ( to identify genes that are linked to childhood obesity ) .
in medical research , conducted in the period from 1999 to 2006 , says that there was just 6 years growth : in the case of boys 77 percent were obese , in the case of girls 47 % ; as for weight , as well as experienced significant growth , " said specialist mssi .
he reported that the average mexican is 65 per cent of american indians , on 30 % of europeans and the five percent of africans and this condition affected genes , which are linked to diabetes and overweight .
researcher explained that the immediate benefit for participants is a comprehensive assessment of the children that may reveal whether they have some degree of excess weight or obesity .
with information come from all over the confidentiality , doctors are her parents in writing , which they explain all of the dimensions and changes in lifestyle , which must be taken to avoid the disease .
it is also due to the high calorie intake , and there are increasing the consumption of sugary drinks and carbohydrate ( тамале , bread , pizza , hamburgers , etc. ) with a fat and proteins and genetic predisposition , проанализированная in this program .
рафаель эррера , a researcher at the department of chemical , unam , developed a polymer - modified bitumen to produce a mixture of the best quality , sustainable to the impact of environmental and temperature .
in his lectures technological view of the pits , read as part of the international year of chemistry , reported that laboratory , for which he is responsible , is developing polymer - modified bitumen mixed with characteristics close to the bitumen production , but with the best opposition , both in high and low temperatures .
he explained that the bitumen , the most difficult part of the oil is a sequence of hydrocarbon molecules , some high - molecular weight , called асфальтенами and other low - molecular weight called мальтенами , which together give the road to cover his характерное вязкоупругое behaviour .
this means that resistance street asphalt is not constant , and changes in the day , depending on the natural conditions and temperature , said an expert in chemical engineering .
among the most of the upper layers is bitumen compiled from small stones , опущенных bitumen and then спрессованных .
when vehicles and latch effort , it helps forces very well be on the road to cover .
the асфальтовом cover , he added , placed last layer , called a layer of wear , which is made of small stone , in fact , the sand also immersed in the asphalt .
as part of the pavement , which will receive and distribute these efforts , wear also requires the proper thickness , and must be taken into account material , from which he is .
when the earth crude , water into coverage and it 's hard for her to go from there , it causes размягчение all sections of the cover , and therefore education yam .
also a member of the national system , researchers explained that transport load is another important factor in the formation of holes , and therefore the thickness of each layer cover should always be connected to transport load and need to ensure this requirement , to prevent the frequent appearance of yam .
which lacked the candidate from valle to become a new miss colombia ?
this time мелина ramirez serna was supposed to be contented with what was on the podium winners with silver crown and colombia 's ribbon proclaiming its new princess .
the first factor , who played role in addressing the jury to award her the title first princess , was that she was unable to convincingly answer the question " what the book describes you , and why ? , given martin мурилье гомесом from literary society let 's honor .
" i read a lot of books , i believe in literature , i think it is a form of окультуривания , and definitely believe that the book that characterizes my childhood -- " the little prince " is a fairly deep book .
the answer that did n't like the jury because of the term " , " and , secondly , due to the fact that not explained exactly how each of the quoted books it describes .
and all of you , please read a little , " the little prince " - great book . "
a reporter from bogota , suggested that , as its preferred , met ovation , and she was кандидаткой , which received all the preliminary awards ( culinary competition остеры , immersive voting for the best national costume , and queen - mother ) , " the jealousy of other candidates , have triggered stress queen , and as a result she was not блистала on stage . "
although both she looked confident , it was obvious that it lacks power and energy that showed women магдалены and атлантико .
in addition , spokeswoman valle lately avoided contact with the press and it was wrong .
that 's why the two days before choosing a member of the international jury lucy doty said that they are looking for a woman , приверженную social needs of their country .
there is also a suggestion that valle sinned defects on the buttocks and фиброзом spokeswoman , who was seen on her stomach , but it is debatable , as the jury specifically noted her , as кандидатку with natural beauty , " given its more than a healthy body , good nutrition and physical work .
the magazine , journalist guido ойос кромос believes that the mistake the valle de cauca was that she has undergone major surgery .
her body has never been her advantage , and here she was punished for it .
so it or not , the fact is that today , мелины begins year rule , not as queen , but as a princess , position , which allows her to represent colombia on one of the international competitions , the organizers of the national contest .
such was the work of the man who identified body альфонсо cano .
of the seven criminologists , working in the cti , turn this week " watch " элизара gonzalez , a man from puerto техада , who spent 21 in the field of judicial investigation .
in 2000 he moved to valle and after the end of the relevant courses he became a specialist in the field of forensic sciences , where he studied skin friction стуней , i.e. palms .
he knew that he will need to identify two of the corpse , and one of them , was supposed to have belonged to the man , who led the world 's oldest guerrilla warfare , so they asked him to take ten shots prints guillermo leon саенса ( his real name ) .
he was without beard , dressed as a local farmer , without glasses , and much skinnier .
using magnifying glass , ink , shoulder and flashlight , элизар сопоставил fingerprints corpse with those who were on the photographs .
the same night representative puerto техада asked to confirm the defense minister juan carlos пинсону , that it was the head of the farc
for specialist in дактилоскопии division sijin from cali recognition received from president juan manuel santos элизаром гонсалесом at a press conference about the operation against kano , is especially significant .
dactylography is rigorous science , without mistakes , it can play a key role in the crimes .
researcher said that in the event of theft he had to take a piece of the house , because in this place a thief on hands to try to box , which was full of jewelry and money .
prints also help exclude or to install the suspects in cases involving murder .
in the investigation found that in the crime could be заподозрен relative and , indeed , the fingerprints on the bottle .
specialist дактилоскопии from cti explained that the places where there are fingerprints , chemical or physical реагент .
after pictures prints off asif , which is a database of criminals , or are in the register .
he explained that all is not as shown in television about the csi .
members of the " occupy wall street " movement tuesday challenge authorities in new york , when they attempted to penetrate , again under the protection of the court order , on the area of manhattan , where they were evacuated at dawn in an effort to seize another park big apple .
" our idea is that , once the court does not allows us to break camp on the square , we разобьем camp somewhere else and will continue through peaceful and legal struggle to return to zuccotti сидячие strikes and demonstrations , " said one of the representatives of the movement of the " occupy wall street " mark брей .
in addition , the " angry people " to the confluence of the new park , located on the central streets canal street and sixth avenue , near the entry into the tunnel холланда , which connects new york and new jersey , and owned by trinity parish church .
the organization says that several hundred people stood with tents in a place where the delegation of religious leaders went to show support to members of the movement , trying to act as an intermediary in negotiations with the police .
some of the protesters , headed there , carried and spread at the same time , copies of the court and even gave these copies of the police , охранявшим area , which led to " some small clashes , " said брей , who said that some police beat demonstrators .
mayor bloomberg told reporters that the city because of this court has suspended the opening of the public space and demonstrators were informed about this , but the local laws do not allow them to again deploy campground shops and sleeping bags .
bloomberg said that he was ordered to clear the area , because it was " a place where people came to protest , and not violate the law and , in some cases , damage to other people " , as " some companies have received threats " and neighbors feared " for the deteriorating quality of life . "
responsible for " occupy wall street " also pointed out that they intend to organize a " grandiose " shares on thursday in conjunction with public organizations and unions , to remember the last two months of the protests that began september 17 .
together with michael бубле and other prominent canadians it will be in the television program " christmas russell peters " on december 1 .
private television channel ctv , today announced that anderson with крунером ballads ( artist ) michael бубле and other prominent canadian russell peters will appear in tv " christmas " on december 1 , in the role quite particular mary .
in this scene peters , a well - known canadian comedian of indian origin , who recently stepped in as the lead in charlie 's " my violent torpedo of truth " tour bus , appears in the role of joseph .
бубле recently called " challenger " американку kim кардашьян during one of their concerts in new york
gdp grew by 1.5 % thanks to strong domestic consumption and put an end to spiral of fall that began in march
the tokyo government first estimated , material losses were $ 300,000 - strike , which , despite the difficult global situation , it seems that passes .
registered in the second quarter , for the japanese fiscal year begins in march 2012 - also represents the fastest growth rate from january to march 2010 .
in fact , the company increased its investment at 1.1 % against the 0.9 % decline on capital expenditures , which occurred from january to march , the first decline after six months of continuous growth .
japan awoke , mainly owing to the development of household consumption , which now totals 60 % of the japanese gdp .
in a stronger currency products is expensive abroad , that is a serious blow to the country 's health , whose economic policies of large technology companies .
peripheral eu countries as long as markets continue to siege , the government есихико noda does not reduce vigilance .
indicator , which predicts the fractures in the world economy , showed that the main forces slowing .
the eurozone even fell below average , which is located at the level of 100 points , after he struck eight tenths to 99.13 points .
пападимос said that the adjustment will be approved , but conservatives wo n't sign any written commitment
a feeling that " consent " of greece 's new transitional government forced brussels ' requirements , rather than true conviction political forces , begins to be confirmed with facts .
the main task of this government is in the performance of decisions taken at the summit on october 26 , said пападимос yesterday , opening the parliamentary debate , which will tomorrow vote of confidence a new executive power .
however , the message самараса unclear doubt about his position : " we are ready to help the transitional government , but we do n't promise anything . "
but the european commission , still feeling irritation from the effect , caused by allegations of a referendum papandreou in style all or nothing , reiterated yesterday that its requirements are : she would not help greece if the new government and the leaders of the major parties wo n't sign a written agreement without any ambiguities and as soon as possible . "
queen stressed " the main place of spain in relation to this type of finance "
queen sofia reminded yesterday that over the past two decades , the country has become the second largest donor in terms of instruments , whose " the essence of cooperation , " she said , is that it " tool of social progress , justice and hope for a better future of humanity , based on faith in people . "
spain " still works , " to expand the network recipients around the world and takes on this task with all the " responsibility , " says dona sofia and hopes that the efforts and achievements , incurred during the summit , which will continue until thursday , will " ensure the creation of new abilities and the best opportunities for the poorest people and especially for women , " major recipients of these loans . "
summit on микрокредитованию is becoming not only a platform for debate , but also the platform , which promotes " two main goals . "
impulse to create a micro - credit system in spain and elsewhere in the world , " was on the way , the years ago , " muhammad юнусом , stressed ms. sofia , as " an act of justice and recognition . "
this experience a year later from the first world summit in washington and other meetings , such as those that took place in cote d'ivoire in 1999 , canada in 2006 , and " everywhere i saw the continuous development of , " said her majesty , whose connection with this project brought her the title of head of the family , " gathered in вальядолиде yesterday " banker of the poor . "
in connection with this , she said that it would be a mistake to cooperation with developing countries with the economic boom times , as this " continuing obligation " .
for spain microcredit is " one of the main areas of cooperation for development . "
europe 's future was not originally planned in the program , but was itself in the autumn , in particular , to satisfy activists who believe that the government 's policies not so tough , as follows , today in relation to greece and , perhaps , in relation to italy tomorrow ....
from 1001 delegates only nine voted against and ten abstained from voting .
the main idea chancellor and the draft resolution is in the slogan : answer to crisis - " not less europe , but more europe . "
in any case , it is one of the proposals of the draft resolution , adopted by congress , an idea , obviously , belongs to вольфгангу schaeuble .
wanting to calm the situation in his party , the chancellor has increased its number of references to konrad adenauer and helmut kohl , but it has not sought to influence congress at the expense of " small " european countries or , in a precarious position that love to criticize the " arrogant " germany .
in fact , it was one of the most humiliating defeats napoleon 's army .
following the monetary benefits , ump and the government began an attack on the hospital sheets .
and to help this encroachment , sprang from a desire to save in a difficult situation , but also составляющему part of a right to re - election in the presidential campaign , most wants to focus on hospital sheets .
obviously , without consent of the employer , the ill worker will lose the salary for four days , equal to at least 15 % of his / her monthly income .
and that will be accompanied by other measures with more than symbolic effect , namely to impose state employees one day without paying the sickness ( public servants still did n't have to wait for benefits , unlike the three - day waiting for the private sector workers ) .
control will become more tight and in addition , if you get caught , you must return all illegally received payments , " xavier bertrand warned on channel rtl on saturday , november 13 .
they indeed with 2002 subjected to control and political attacks , which bring fruit .
according to the research and documentation of health economics institute , the daily compensation expenses in 2008 , thousands of 11.3 million euros accounted for 5 % of total health spending .
the average , which hides some deviation ; another study published in 2007 , the site on the career management monster.com , found that 75 % of the 40,000 french workers surveyed said they did n't take a single day of the hospital .
if these figures compare with figures european neighbors , it seems that the french workers do not are more likely to take sick workers than any other country .
level of fraud connected with the sick leave , very low compared with " grey " employment .
stricter law since 2002 led to systematic проверке hospital lasting more than 45 days .
in the case of systematically checked hospital sheets for more than 45 days 11 % of cases from 1.2 million were " irrelevant or unreasonable " , equivalent to 132 000 .
the figures that show very little cases , compared with , for example , employment figures " grey " .
пападимос : greece should follow a new settlement plan
this said on monday 14 november in parliament , prime minister lucas пападимос , adding that 100 days , provided by his coalition government , was not enough to accomplish this task .
execution of judgments , adopted at eurozone summit on october 27 , should be " the main task " of the new government , because " at stake " presence in the eurozone countries , " he added .
" we are not going to vote for the new measures , " he said at a meeting with deputies from his party new democracy .
olly renou , european commissioner , responsible for economy and finance , which warned that the imf and eu do not block the loan in 8,000 million euros without written guarantees from all parties , that they will support the planned measures , antonio самарас replied that his words were enough and that he did not sign anything under external pressure .
canadians are denied death , says the royal society of canada report
this is one of the royal society 's findings , canada , which involved six experts from different areas , including the ethics , law and medicine .
for starters , experts cite a recent study of the economic expert bureau which сравнило quality of death in 40 countries around the world .
due to медикализации or not , but 77 % of canadians do not have access to palliative care , according to experts , appointed by the royal society of canada .
the highest rate in the country in quebec , where 86 % of deaths occur in the hospital .
now , according to experts , who also examined the position of all countries , where such actions were legalized or декриминализованы , there is no evidence that decriminalisation of abuse in the application , i.e. the implementation of euthanasia or suicide with outside help for people who cannot or do not want to take this decision .
and 66 % believe that legalization of euthanasia will not be a signal that the life of the elderly or disabled persons it has less value .
as for the extension or termination of medical care , the situation is less than , say the authors report .
the committee of experts also requires that health professionals trained in the spirit of respect for the avoidance of medical care at the end of life without fear of criminal prosecution .
finally , in respect of palliative or terminal sedation , already widely in the canadian healthcare institutions , the committee requires that she was then , when it is not for blunting the physical pain , not as euthanasia , and has been the same restrictions .
some experts in the field of legislation , associated with health , have already made comments on the detention report experts of the royal society of canada .
this opens the door for a situation where anyone who got tired of life and more than 18 years , can ask for help in committing suicide , says meter дешан who yesterday discussed a summary of the report .
he said that " in society there are warning signs and prohibitions . "
margaret сомервилль , which itself is a member of the royal society of canada , argues , in particular , the data report relating to abuse in some countries , where euthanasia and suicide with outside help legalized , as in the netherlands and oregon .
bashar al-assad 's supporters held a demonstration yesterday in front of of the ministry of foreign affairs .
two days after the suspension of syria 's membership in the arab league and the european union tightened sanctions against damascus , syria 's neighbors turkey and jordan have lobbied for president assad 's resignation .
" if bashar were roads his country 's interests , he would resign , but he also would have to create the necessary conditions for a new phase of political life , said the king of jordan , neighboring syria country , in an interview with the bbc .
those in the middle east , who does not live in the world with his people and may not meet his aspirations , will lose power , he said , referring to syria , neighboring country , in relation to which turkey is increasingly hard course .
the international community , the united states , the european union , arab league , and countries such as turkey , take all tougher rate against the repression in syria , said mark toner , state department spokesperson .
two other residents died during the shooting and shelling from heavy machine guns in джобаре in the besieged city of homs , according to ong .
in addition , he reacted strongly to the arab league decision to exclude damascus , which , according to him , is " dangerous step . "
after his decision to exclude syria arab league at the moment studying " mechanism of protection of civilians and requires оптравки 500 - member arab organization for human rights in the country , journalists and military observers .
new emergency meeting of the league is scheduled for tomorrow in rabat , to discuss the implementation of exit plan , adopted on november 2 , and which , in particular , withdrawal of armed forces from cities , where fighting is taking place , and the release of arrested demonstrators .
mario monti 's future head of the italian government asked markets a little time to build his team and to carry out a program that will require " victims " to restore solvency , backend in the past few months of berlusconi 's rule .
he will have to form a relatively moderate cabinet , made up of technocrats , outside the parliament .
chamber of deputies speaker gianfranco fini said that he would have waited to learn to ask whether mario monti parliament to friday vote of confidence , to make sure that the new government has sufficient support .
mr. monti commented on yesterday 's nervousness stock exchanges and bondholders , asking them time .
his appointment as president was initially approved by the markets , but the anxiety arose again , in particular after the unexpected fall in eurozone industrial production in september .
the new government must will operate until 2013 , dates the next elections , he said .
mr. monti guaranteed that by the post , he will be hard work , to ensure that italy will be an important actor in europe again .
the european union , convinced that rome does not target budget for 2013 , despite the austerity plan , adopted in recent months , demanded , in particular , the new austerity measures .
mr. monti , known for his competence and independence in the european commissioner ( 1994-2004 ) , is " era of change " for italy after 17 years берлусконизма " challenge " , " professor " , emblematic of the " seriousness " and " other italy " , according to authors передовиц .
president napolitano would have been glad to avoid fast elections , as the april 2012 italy must make payments on government debt on the amount of 200 thousand million euros .
russian scientist vyacheslav danilenko helped iran develop a detonator , suitable for use in nuclear weapons , confirmed on monday , the u.s. agency , which specializes in the area of nuclear danger .
last week the iaea has expressed concern about " possible military aspects of the " iran 's nuclear program
in 1989 or 1991 he retired from the center , to create a company , producing " наноалмазы " in kiev .
he then cooperated with the iranian program from 1996 to 2002 , to return to russia
according to these figures , the total number of cases of violence against muslims has grown from 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , which equals the growth of 49 % , compared to 13 % increase in incidents of violence against catholics , 4 % reduction in attacks on jews and 14 % increase in the number of crimes on religious grounds .
after a decline in 2009 is worrisome that the number of these crimes is growing again , the organization for human rights , human rights first , " an increase in cases of violence against muslims very much , " the organization in the official report adds .
" the u.s. government can and must do more to deal with these crimes , he adds , believing it can be done by improving police reports on the hate crimes . "
this law was passed after the death of martin luther king , to punish for acts of violence associated with race , color , sexual orientation , religion , nationality and in our days .
on monday , the twitter site микроблога amended view their platform , which will allow its users , in particular , see the activity of those for whom they are , what makes this service like facebook .
it is an opportunity to learn if they published reports , if they подпишутся on new accounts , if they have selected messages , etc.
twitter , which has long been known as intuitively rather vague and uses pretty vague terms ( rt for перепоста someone 's else 's собщения , #followfriday for recommendations track other users ) , mainly in bringing pleasure experienced users , thus reveals himself to a wider audience , presenting users something closer to the popular social networks facebook and google + .
" it is useless , intrusive and too reminiscent of facebook . "
the large coalition of social democrats and christian democrats , in power in austria , decided tuesday to record budgetary " golden rule " in the constitution to reduce its budget deficit and thus avoid the possibility of state credit rating agencies downgrade austria ( triple a ) .
if the creditworthiness of austria fell by only one point , from aaa to aa + , we would have to pay interest on three thousand million euros more every year , brought argument vice - chancellor and foreign minister from christian democrats michael шпинделеггер .
resolution , the austrian government , resembles " german model , " because germany was the first european country , adopted this " rule . "
the goal is to make public debt below 60 % mark , the maastricht treaty , 2020/2021 year .
we вмешаемся , as they did last time , if fit excessive yen volatility of exchange rate , mr. noda сенату explained .
this day in tokyo sold yen for dollars in large - scale , to reduce the value of the japanese currency , which established a new record in power since 1945 .
on tuesday , the dollar fell below 77 yen and the euro has fallen below the symbolic bar in the 105 yen , close to the level that caused the latest intervention .
rising japanese currency is hurting japanese exports , because it makes japanese products more expensive and reduces the amount of income japanese firms from abroad when converted in the national currency .
the world 's third - largest economic power resumed growth in the third quarter of -1 , 5 % compared with the previous quarter - for the first time in the year , thanks to the rise in exports and household consumption affected by disaster
finance minister дзюн адзуми called bank of japan ( boj ) , which on tuesday opened its council meeting on monetary policy , to take all necessary steps to weaken the yen .
at the last meeting in late october эмитирующая organization has increased the 5,000 million yen ( 47,000 million euro ) purchase of treasury bonds , raising to 55.000 thousand million yen ( 519 million euros ) ceiling amounts , which it selects the purchase of various financial instruments , to satisfy the stock market .
despite naming new heads of state in greece and italy , and improved growth in france and germany , the stakes in unstable countries continue to grow
in paris 10 morning cac 40 lost 1.4 % and finished trading on the level 3.064 points .
in connection with the new challenges with loans to eurozone countries , in the difficult position that the stock markets around the world continue to lose part of its recent achievements .
tokyo stock exchange closed with the fall of 0.7 per cent under new doubt market participants for europe 's ability to contain the debt crisis .
this comeback concern about the eurozone 's future hit single currency , which on tuesday continued to fall .
to 10 a.m. european currency cost 1,3570 dollars , falling by 0.4 per cent .
this morning on tuesday , italian 10 - year bond yields reached 6,85 % , and spanish bond yields with the same maturity reached 6.2 % .
mario monti 's head of the future italian government asked the exchanges have time to restore the situation in italy , under threat paralysis under the weight of the its debt .
spain came under shelling markets before parliamentary elections on sunday .
insee reduction numbers , despite this , in the second quarter , with the fall of 0.1 % of gross domestic product ( gdp ) instead of stagnation .
germany , in turn , the growth of 0.5 % over the same period .
if there is a theme , a decision on which cannot be taken after a very short discussion or under the influence of emotions , is energy policy .
this is a healthy trend that the election meeting become an occasion for reflection on share and place their nuclear energy .
france needs to build their opinion on objective facts and data on the rational .
during the same period will be necessary to complete a growing scarcity of fossil resources , to continue electricity production time , not forgetting the critical need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , to fight climate imbalance - theme , which disappeared from the environmental debate .
that is why germany is one in its decision to abandon nuclear energy .
on the other hand , britain , finland , poland , czech republic , netherlands , sweden , south africa , china , india , brazil , is only a few of those who strongly continues their projects .
although german model , based on renewable energy , sometimes cited as an example , the reality belies this argument .
european champion construction of turbines , from which she receives 30 % of its electricity , as well as the biggest consumer of coal and gas due to прерывистого due ; the wind which carbon emissions and electricity prices by 65 per cent , respectively , and on average 50 % higher than in europe .
as in a globalized economy , the price of energy is a key factor in competitiveness and the service of industrial equipment on the national territory , the french company benefiting from cheap electricity in europe .
the price that the majority of the french refuse to pay more because they do not oppose this type of energy in principle .
heavily export - oriented , it attracts a contemporaries specialized on international trade in small and medium - sized enterprises and create many jobs that may not be moved to another industry .
any engineer electrician will order epr , calculated to work sixty years , if the planned closure of its manufacturer ?
development of areva solutions with low - carbon , nuclear and renewable energy , testifies взаимодополнимости sources .
in france we have security body , which is edged and transparent control existing energy centres , such as фламанвиль .
for 50 years atomic industry experienced three serious incident .
in the chernobyl reactor device and unforgivable human error led to tragedy .
nuclear industry извлечет lessons from this accident as the learned from the previous two .
as it is all specialists in the field of energy , to build a reactor , halt its construction in фламанвиле will be a great gift competitors areva and edf , menacing them ​​путь toward the conquest of leadership in the imminent development of nuclear energy .
then the administrative harassment of foreign students , which in the news , when the minister of interior ( " либерасьон " from may 23 ) , said that france " do n't need foreign talent , bricklayers and waiters . "
both sides see immigration burden to the french economy and for french society .
in his program francois hollande ограничился platitudes , saying that " joint work will solve our immigration problem . "
as ian goldin and jeffrey cameron reminds us economists in a recent book , обобщившей recent data on immigration ( special people : how migration shaped our world and will determine our future , may 2011 , at princeton university , with 352 . ) , there is a broad consensus among experts about the positive impact of migration flows , wages and employment growth in countries that accept immigrants .
fears for the influence of immigrants based on the view that they can to replace local workers , especially low - skilled , provoking wage declines .
unskilled immigrants work in sectors that do not attract local labor , and the most skilled - in dynamic sectors , where training is not with offers of work .
just as the surgeon would be hard to work in the country , where there is a lack of анестезиологов , complementarity , between local and immigrants , leads that the arrival of the immigrants positively influences the wages of local workers .
and this without taking into account the fact that diversity , вносимое immigrants , contributes to new ideas and economic growth ( among american nobel laureates large share of naturalised immigrants , and google , intel , paypal and yahoo were all immigrants are based ) .
according to the labor organization , in germany , for example , the immigrant , arrived at the age of 30 years , for his life will bring the state budget net profit ( revenue minus expenses ) in an average of 150,000 euros .
referred teeth , which used to scaring immigrants , gave exactly the opposite effect .
democracy is very valuable acquisition ; but simultaneously and fragile .
some thought that democracy has triumphed over their enemies , enough to vote and make it as direct as possible .
universal vote , though , and is a necessary condition for democracy , it is not sufficient condition and may even become a " tool of suppression " , as republican once philosopher etienne said вашро .
the european crisis , which we are experiencing , is an economic crisis , but in the first place is a political crisis and the crisis of democracy .
we do n't win anything , demanding series of national referendums , organized as needed and хаотическом order .
no , we are dreaming not edge the guillotine , but on the implementation of - the joint , clear and constant - choice and democracy , this time on pan - european level .
the entire europe subject to dictates markets and rating agencies , suffers from their weakness and lack of solidarity .
many worry about the transfer of sovereignty europe , but the entire europe gradually loses its sovereignty , and with her each of its nations .
because only joint work europeans can reduce the severity of debt each , free markets and prepare for the future , investing in it .
after a long discussion of this proposal socialists and jacques delors now require all european economic government .
but represent it without a stronger economic , political and democratic integration , maturing in life граздан , is another madness and a new impasse .
to establish a republic in france , had to " create a " republican .
this can only be done by creating a more democratic europe on the political level , this popular european sovereignty .
in fact , 2011 will be completed 11 % sales growth of the world microprocessors ( bank cards , mobile phones with sim cards ) , above , according to eurosmart , 6 thousand million .
this year in the world will be sold 460 million smart card бесконтактных against 320 million a year earlier !
europe lagged a long time from the asia - pacific region , now moving forward in the field of бесконтактных payments .
france starts off with more modest positions : in circulation are 400,000 бесконтактных visa cards .
this year , carrefour released 2.5 million бесконтактных pass mastercard .
" two large organizations in france promised in the future systematically to distribute among their clients ' bank cards , suited for non - use , " said gerard небуи , director general of the visa europe france .
but this is only the first stage of development in the future means of payment , there are mobile phone .
" we count on global sales from 80 to 120 million in 2012 , " explains mark бертен , head of eurosmart .
yesterday crédit agricole announced the experiment with december through june next year in cana .
подтвердились long предполагавшиеся ties between the terrorist group al qaeda in islamic maghreb ( aqmi ) and the nigerian sect boko haram .
" the way in which use these two organizations , and intelligence reports show that they are actively cooperate , " he explained , without the details .
among the debris left after the operation , french and нигерские investigators found a few telephone sim card belonging to the terrorists .
analysis of the incidents calls pointed out several interlocutors , 58/89 in mali , niger and nigeria .
" this is a step forward , but surely , you have to wait for more reliable evidence , before we talk about operational cooperation between aqmi and boko haram . "
" for many years , we know that the sect идейную and receives financial support from outside and that it is becoming more and more active , " says кунле амуво , nigeria researcher .
the international community led by washington now puts pressure on абуджу , to pay attention to the problem , which creates boko haram .
it focused mainly on the churches , bars and authorities .
in the past christmas , she took responsibility for per share , as a result of which 80 people were killed in джосе , and then again for one in abuja .
in august , local representation of the united nations will be their first international goal .
today , when aqmi has in mali and niger , and the somalis from al-shabaab operate in kenya , boko haram poses a new continent .
whether weary with crisis america can lead a complex world with simple , or rather simplistic ideas ?
for a few days , mitt romney , the distance kain , rick perry and others множат loud , but without details statements on foreign policy , which are traditionally strong republicans .
mitt romney , who has the best chances of the nomination from the " good old party " , has threatened to sue chinese complaint to the wto and accuse them of " manipulating its currency is a sensitive topic for america , irritated migration for their industries in asia .
john huntsman , former obama ambassador to china and the only candidate , the complex foreign policy , could not overcome position that indulging emotions .
but huntsman , who is held in the bottom of the ratings , remained неуслышанным .
romney also promised military strikes on iran if sanctions fail to stop its nuclear program .
" if obama re - elected , they will have a bomb . "
entrepreneur херман caine , the second ranking candidates showed обескураживающее ignorance of affairs .
the texas governor rick perry , who supports israel and to the military strikes on iran , says that he was ready to use us army against drug cartels in mexico .
all this is a far cry from the republican candidate john mccain 's 2008 , тяжеловеса foreign policy .
they resemble that obama himself was amateur , and that he had to reduce tone about the fight against terror .
after iraq , it does not believe in military intervention that confused in the sand .
nord stream , new gates for entry of russian gas to europe .
he is designed for supplies gas the equivalent of 30 million households .
more than 500 guests , including four heads of state and government participated in the last tuesday on the shores of the baltic sea , between orchestra and exquisite performance snacks , in the opening of the nord stream , new pipeline , which directly connects russia and germany under water .
on the new pipeline 27.5 million of additional cubic metres of gas will come every year in western europe for the first 1 224 km long pipeline connecting the leningrad region with earth mecklenburg - pomerania .
and the ability to build third pipeline at the same direction have already been discussed .
these two countries will lose part of its power : they will be harder to influence russia , threatening to shut down access to western european markets .
but the price of europe 's energy , because the project created a gap between eastern and western europe .
" this pipeline is part of cooperation with russia , this is a new artery that connects us organically , " said francois fillon , opening the gas pipeline , showing the extent to which large gas contracts are important and politically and economically .
" a hundred needed to remove or destroy as a precaution , " said jens mueller , a spokeswoman for the company 's north flow .
the pipeline is a long metal snake weighing , equal weight 242 эйфелевых towers , without breaks throughout its length , without вентилей and without service stations .
" in case of an accident we close the flow of gas less than a minute " , " said jens muller .
but this seems unlikely designers who design seams , designed for протечку only once in 100,000 years .
сигароообразный apparatus is inside a 1 - meter diameter pipeline and presses forward flow of gas .
gas pipeline was designed to work for 50 years without any repairs .
these five companies created a joint venture , called the northern flow , which was commissioned to build and operate gas pipeline .
then gazprom gave the company leases the twenty years with the possibility of extension of the entire gas transportation .
gas pipeline construction financing was provided by 30 % shareholders and 70 % bank credits .
pipeline out of the baltic sea in lubmin on a sandy beach , засаженный coniferous trees .
sensors measure pressure , temperature and specific characteristics of the gas before sucked it in german gas pipelines .
at full capacity it will be 3 million an hour , and in 2012 6 million .
moleskine , created italian company fifteen years ago , recover a taste for writing .
moleskine notepad easily recognized by a rectangular black cover , резинке , yellowish - white pages , like пожелтевшим over time .
the italian company modo modo , based in milan , decided to run in the sale of designer notepads .
notepad inspired by old technique of production , молескином - lacquered cotton cloth , used , for example , покрывания benches .
" moleskine brought in line with today 's taste of old and forgotten thing , which was a cult for artists - авангардистов until the 20th century , " said maria себрегонди management , which has since become a brand in modo modo .
from 2006 to 2010 , sales increased 25 % and reached 12.7 million units .
moleskine crossed the border of italy and are exported in 70 countries , from france to the united states .
it distributes their notepads in bookstores fnac , магазинчиках centers in small cities and was able to acquire notoriety .
this characteristic cultural trait accompanies development of moleskine recently organized the exhibition " brand ; окольный way " , where architects and artists demonstrated their собственнные notepads .
its success and cultural aura , moleskine разнообразил their products , which now include bags , pens , bags for computers . brand includes all sorts of support .
among them more elderly : 37 % over 50 years ( 17 % on average ) .
finally , is very common long - term unemployment , which is 85 % for persons with disabilities against 38 % on average .
a study in april by the association of ims - entreprendre on behalf of cité , showed that respondents managers had a low level of knowledge about disability and " imagined of people in wheelchairs or mentally ill or mentally неполноценных . "
recent known figures , relating to 2008 , give importance 2.6 % .
proof : number of " taxable " organizations , like paid sums , dropped to 46 in 2011 with 59 000 000 organizations ( and 606 up to 480 million euros ) .
" but this improvement is also reflects growth consciousness , in particular , on the big enterprises . "
we do n't we to argue that , between them was a conspiracy , but the picture символична .
five months after antics of his forward in a match against turkey 's belgian coach can only praise him .
" i want to go further , " says player lille .
" i am in lille all year round , and in belgium there is no " .
left in reserve , in the run - up to this match with france , in the game against romania on friday evening , azar arrived in saint - denis , to finally " sparkle . "
he has supported blue from the age of 7 years and skillful campaigns 1998 and 2000 .
" pride " also claim as a " neighbor " that france " was again a team a very high level , " just one year after injuries найзне .
" we are building something , players are ambitious , they are hungry " .
